Update github-transition-guide.md (#38)
bcgov/bcdg: docs/use-github-in-bcgov/github-transition-guide.md

As we upgrade GitHub. we focus on 2 types of IDIRs:

- Primary IDIRs for employees

> - Contractor IDIR

Reviewer: I think this one works as IDIRs still? rationale: there are still different types of idiots that a contractor might have? (but maybe you're seeing something I'm not seeing)

Reviewer 2: @jenreiher-bcgov These are type lists, so IDIR would be singular in all cases, right?  Also, LOL at that autocorrect!  :rofl:

Reviewer: omg that autocorrect is making my heart SO unhappy :( :( :( sorry for not catching it!

I don't know the grammar of all of this is breaking my brain a lot. Maybe it's because IDIR is such a made up thing ahahah.

 
If you don’t see information that could be helpful on this guide, please let us know through [our Jira Service Manager](https://citz-do.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/2).

## Technical Transition Guide

Our technical transition guide helps GitHub users prepare for the upgrade, and confirms if users completed linking successfully. [Our IDIR transition guide](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/use-github-in-bcgov/github-transition-guide/) offers more details about IDIRs. 

After **July 30th, 2024**, users cannot access the bcgov GitHub organization if they didn’t link their IDIR and GitHub ID. There are mechanisms in the system that force an IDIR login when you use your GitHub to login. 

### Validating authentication

> GitHub doesn't offer users a screen to confirm authentication. There are 3 alternative ways to validate linking GitHub IDs and IDIRS: 

Reviewer 3: Does this contradict point 3?

Reviewer 3: Or alternatively, perhasp the meaning is: 
```suggestion
GitHub doesn't display a confirmation when an account is linked to an IDIR . There are 3 alternative ways to validate linking GitHub IDs and IDIRS: 
```

Author: I'm deleting #2 because the banner is missable + other issues you've pointed out :) The other ways are more trustworthy.

1) The video below shows the process from start to finish. 

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/-cfhUY_or8s?si=q0pjaxYd4FBhNZ0s" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> 2) If users **don't** have the "**Authenticate your account**" button on their dashboards, then authentication is complete.

Reviewer: Ah shoot forgot to circle back with you on this! I misheard shea originally - this is a dismissible banner for some silly reason, so there's a chance that if someone closed the notification banner out of instinct they may miss this.

Author: Okay, should I remove this completely? Deleting it would impact the other comments.

> 3) Another way to validate linking: 

Reviewer: something about this feels off to me... can we double check on this?

  - GitHub or OAuth apps to automate the release or testing of your code, including 3rd party security tools 
  - Access tokens and/or SSH keys that your app or team may rely on that will be disconnected when user access is removed, IDE or command line tools and/or automation scripts

### Outside Collaborators

We’re starting with enabling SSO for direct government workers and contractors. After completing the transition for them, we’ll focus on enabling SSO for [outside collaborators](https://docs.github.com/en/organizations/managing-user-access-to-your-organizations-repositories/managing-outside-collaborators/adding-outside-collaborators-to-repositories-in-your-organization).

> Moving forward, the **bcgov** GitHub organization needs mandatory and full membership. The option to add outsider collaborators won’t be available anymore. 

Reviewer: since the initial draft on this, we've had a few people reach out to ask to be converted to full members. It might be good to provide directions on how to do that here - shiho has them.

### GitHub bcgov organization removal

> After **July 30, 2024**, if a contractor IDIR expires, they won’t automatically be removed from the bcgov GitHub organization. This may change in the future.

Reviewer: oh! just noticed this - this is true for both contractors and employees :)
